{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024
{\fonttbl
{\f0\fswiss MS SANS SERIF;}
{\f1\fswiss SYSTEM;}
{\f2\fswiss ARIAL;}}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue127;
\red0\green127\blue127;
\red0\green127\blue0;
\red127\green0\blue127;
\red127\green0\blue0;
\red127\green127\blue0;
\red127\green127\blue127;
\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet
{\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Normal;}
{\s1 \b\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Emphasized;}
{\s2 \fs28\cf13 \sbasedon0\snext0 Topic Heading;}
{\s3 \b\fs24\cf13 \sbasedon0\snext0 Paragraph Title;}
{\s4 \fi-274\li274 \tx274 \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Bullet 1;}
{\s5 \fi-547\li547 \tx547 \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Hanging Indent 1;}
{\s6 \qc\sb120\sa120 \fs28\cf13 \sbasedon0\snext0 Topic Title;}
{\s7 \brdrb\brdrth \fs16\cf5 \sbasedon0\snext0 Horizontal Rule;}}
{\info
{\title RX.RTF}
{\author The Help Magician}
{\doccomm }
{\creatim\yr1999\mo1\dy29\hr9\min41}
{\revtim\yr1999\mo1\dy29\hr9\min41}
{\version2}
{\edmins873}
{\nofpages2}
{\nofwords65536}
{\nofchars65536}
{\vern16433}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\widowctrl\ftnbj \sectd \linex0\endnhere 
\pard \s6\keepn\qc\sb120\sa120\sl240 \plain \f0\fs20 {\plain \f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \f0\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} About Rx}}
{\plain \f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \f0\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} about}}
{\plain \f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 8{\footnote \pard\plain \f0\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 8} Help Magician footnote: DO NOT EDIT; 4}}
\plain\f0\fs28\cf13 Rx - About\par 
\pard \ql\sb0\sa0 \plain\f0\fs20\cf1  \par 
Rx-Angletracing, also known as Rx-Cervicales is \'A9 Daniel Doubrovkine, University of Geneva, 1999 (All Rights Reserved). Rx is developped and published as a University of Geneva student graduation work and can thus be distributed freely. You may read a full public license information and agreement \cf11 {\strike here}{\v public_license}\cf1 \cf1 .\par 
\par 
If you like this software, feel free to send a postcard. Fore more information, questions and support for Rx, please contact:\par 
\par 
\qc \b Daniel Doubrovkine\par 
\b0 University of Geneva\par 
\fs16 25, rue Jean-Violette\par 
1205 Geneva, Switzerland\par 
\fs20 email: \b doubrov5@cuimail.unige.ch\par 
\b0 http://cuiwww.unige.ch/~doubrov5\par 
\ql \par 
\qc \fs16 Daniel Doubrovkine - doubrov5@cuimail.unige.ch - http://cuiwww.unige.ch\par 
\'A9 University of Geneva - 1999 All Rights Reserved\f1\fs20 \par \pard\plain \page \pard\plain \pard \s6\keepn\qc\sb120\sa120\sl240 \plain \f0\fs20 {\plain \f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \f0\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Public License}}
{\plain \f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \f0\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} public_license}}
{\plain \f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 8{\footnote \pard\plain \f0\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 8} Help Magician footnote: DO NOT EDIT; 4}}
\plain\f0\fs28\cf13 Rx - Public License\par 
\pard \ql\sb0\sa0 \plain\f1\fs20\cf1 \par 
\sb106\sa106 \f2\ul Article 1\ul0 . \b Public Domain\par 
\b0 This version of Rx is entirely \b public domain\b0 . International laws on intellectual property remain in vigour. This applies to the current version only and does not intend that there will be no commercial version of Rx with more options and features.\par 
\ul Article 2\ul0 . \b Warranty\par 
\b0 Users of Rx must accept this disclaimer of warranty: "Rx is supplied as is. The author and the University of Geneva disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability and of fitness for any purpose. The author assumes no liability for damages, direct or consequential, which may result from the use, misuse or abuse of Rx or any of the software derived from it by the author or any third party." \par 
\ul Article 3\ul0 . \b Redistribution\par 
\b0 This software may be freely distributed, but as long as the purpose of the software does not change, no remuneration may be legally received by the person or persons distributing said software without the total unforced conscent of the author. Any commercial use or sale of the software must be first agreed with the author, including the reuse of the Rx concept. Parts of source code are though fully public domain and may be reused for non similar or similar non-commercial projects.\par 
\ul Article 4\ul0 . \b Non covered issues\par 
\b0 Any non covered issue above should be discussed with the author of the software.\par 
\ul Article 5\ul0 . \b License abuse\par 
\b0 Any kind of license abuse, including minor frauds and non-significant issues shall be prosecuted under the Swiss criminal law at maximum extent possible.\par 
\sb0\sa0 \f0\fs16 \par 
\qc Daniel Doubrovkine - doubrov5@cuimail.unige.ch - http://cuiwww.unige.ch\par 
\'A9 University of Geneva - 1999 All Rights Reserved\par 
\f1\fs20 \pard\plain }
